Objective of SKE (Software and Knowkedge Engineering) at Kasetsart University
As Thailand and its neighboring countries are going into their industrial development phase, the demand for engineers has been escalating. Responding to this need, the Faculty of Engineering of KU created its International Undergraduate Program (IUP) in 2003 with the aim of producing professional engineers not only with technical knowledge and skills but also with English communication skills who could readily fill in that growing need. To date, we have already produced more than 500 graduates since our establishment and now, we have over 600 students enrolled in our programs.

Scholorship offered by this program
1. Excellent Student Scholarships 
2. Internship Abroad Scholarships 
3. Student Exchange Scholarships 1 year(4th year) 1 year at Master level 
4. AEC Student Exchange Scholarships 
5. Scholarships from our partners 

Admission Requirements 1
You will need to present the following scores 
1.TOEFL (iBT) score of 61 
2.IELTS 5.5 
3.SAT Reasoning Test (SAT or SAT 1; Mathematics Section score of 600 and combined Critical Reading + Mathematics Section Score of 1,000)

Admission Requirements 2
There will be 10 seats open for this round.
Minimum score or score ratio use for admission
1. TGAT 20%
2. TPAT3 50%
3. A-LEVEL Mathematics 1 25%
4. A-LEVEL Physics 5%
Qualification for this choice (any from this)
1. graduated from schools with a general curriculum
2. graduated from schools with an international curriculum
3. graduated from vocational schools
4. graduated from schools with individualized curriculums (O-NET)
5. completed the GED program

Tuition and International Student Fees  
Tuition Fee(s): approximately 60,700-90,000 Thai Baht per semester (depend on the program you choose)
International Student Fee: 10,000 Thai Baht per semester
** The tuition fees pay per semester**
The Entire duration of Undergraduate degree is 4 years. 1 Academic year consists of 2 main semesters.

First semester start from August – December
Second semester start from January – May
Tuition fees are subject to change following Kasetsart University and/or Faculty announcement.

How to apply
Fill out application form and prepare all required documents. Then Scan the application form and all required documents send to KUIC by admission.kuic@ku.th

Required Documents
1. A complete application form (attach your photo).
2. A scanned copy of passport (at least 6 months before your passport expires).
3. Proof of English scores (TOEFL or IELTS). Your score should not over 2 years from the issue date. 
4. Applicants who are not native-English speakers or did not graduate from an English-language program must provide proof of English competency (IELTS overall score at least 5.5 or TOEFL equivalent)
5. An official academic transcript, or other equivalent proof of certificates or diplomas issued by the institution you graduated from must be a complete version clarifying a record of all courses you have taken in each academic semester along with the date of graduation, credits, and grades.**
6. SAT Scores (Scholastic Assessment Test). If you choose any program related with math-science, engineering, agro-industry.
7. A motivation letters.
8. Recommendation letter (3 references persons from home institution).
9. An Equivalency Certificate or Provisional Equivalency Certificate. (by Chulalongkorn University Academic Testing Center.)
Remarks :
All documents must be in English; or attach an official certified English translation. And attach the original documents.

How to provide an Equivalency Certificate or Provisional Equivalency Certificate
The high school equivalency certificate system is managed by Chulalongkorn University Academic Testing Center.
Candidates with a foreign high school diploma (or attended a foreign high school) should request an Equivalency Certificate or Provisional Equivalency Certificate to apply for admission to a bachelor’s degree program at Kasetsart University. 
Candidates can request an Equivalency Certificate from the Council of University Presidents of Thailand via this link: High School Certificate Equivalency System (chula.ac.th)